add evict-kube-downscaler ClusterPolicy for mimir and loki (#183)
giantswarm/kyverno-policies-observability: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Add `evict-kube-downscaler` cluster policy to evict `mimir` and `loki` from the `kube-downscaler`'s scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `kube-downscaler-eviction-exclusions` cluster policy to remove `mimir` and `loki` from the `kube-downscaler`'s eviction scope.
```
